{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 These are notes generated in the process of building a particle swarm optimization routine for parameter fitting of the Iadevaia et al(2010) reduced model. \
\
First issue is to figure out the objective function to be minimized. I am using the objective function with squared distance. \
\
One issue resolved on 04/24/2020: The initial condition vector was not being updated appropriately in the squared error file causing the objective function to produce random values and a stop of the optimization. It now seems fixed and the optimization seems to progress. It is taking some time. \
\
Next step: Take the output and plot the outcomes within the same fitting subroutine. Also plot the errors and see if multiple solutions can be obtained from the optimization scheme. Another item is to possibly generate a separate plotting and quality of fit script that takes the saved optimal parameter sets. Also, check the other files for version control, particularly the one that plots the Iadevaia results might be adjustable to print any outcome with any given parameter set. \
Think about also saving the initial conditions in the output of the fit_Iadevaia_pso.m script. \
\
05/07/2020: added a plotting script to visualize pso fitting results. Looks good, but not sure if it is really working. \
}